Add a note about pinning (#182)
DeterminateSystems/nix-installer-action: README.md

### With FlakeHub

> To fetch private flakes from FlakeHub and Nix builds from FlakeHub Cache, update the `permissions` block and use the [`determinate-nix-action`][determinate-nix-action] action:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch private flakes from FlakeHub and Nix builds from FlakeHub Cache, update the `permissions` block and use [`determinate-nix-action`][determinate-nix-action]:
```

      contents: "read"
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: DeterminateSystems/determinate-nix-action@v3
      - run: nix build .
```

See [`.github/workflows/ci.yml`](.github/workflows/ci.yml) for a full example.

### Pinning the version

> This GitHub Action will use the most recent version of the Determinate Nix Installer, even when the action itself is pinned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This GitHub Action uses the most recent version of the Determinate Nix Installer, even when the Action itself is pinned.
```

If you wish to pin your CI workflows to a specific version, use the [`determinate-nix-action`][determinate-nix-action].

> That action updated and tagged for every Determinate release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That Action is updated and tagged for every Determinate release.
```

> For example, `DeterminateSystems/determinate-nix-action@v3.5.2` will always install Determinate Nix v3.5.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DeterminateSystems/determinate-nix-action@v3.5.2` reference, for example, always installs Determinate Nix v3.5.2.
```
